Update log.md (#10239)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/docker/log.md

    logs_config:
        container_collect_all: true
    ```

> 3. **Windows 10 Only**: You must be a member of the `docker-users` group in order to have permissions to work with Docker containers. Run `net localgroup docker-users "your-user-id" /ADD` from your Administrator command prompt or follow the [Docker User Group][3] configuration steps.  

Reviewer: I think we need to use the `ddagent-user` and not the customer user ID since the agent is running with a special user.

> 3. **Windows 10 Only**: You must be a member of the `docker-users` group in order to have permissions to work with Docker containers. Run `net localgroup docker-users "your-user-id" /ADD` from your Administrator command prompt or follow the [Docker User Group][3] configuration steps.  

Author: ```suggestion
3. **Windows 10 Only**: You must be a member of the `docker-users` group in order to have permissions to work with Docker containers. Run `net localgroup docker-users "ddagent-user" /ADD` from your Administrator command prompt or follow the [Docker User Group][3] configuration steps.  
```

> 3. **Windows 10 Only**: You must be a member of the `docker-users` group in order to have permissions to work with Docker containers. Run `net localgroup docker-users "ddagent-user" /ADD` from your Administrator command prompt or follow the [Docker User Group][3] configuration steps.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Windows 10 Only**: The Datadog Agent user must be a member of the `docker-users` group in order to have permissions to work with Docker containers. Run `net localgroup docker-users "ddagentuser" /ADD` from your Administrator command prompt or follow the [Docker User Group][3] configuration steps.  
```
